Chen Liang: Okay?
Chen Liang: Alright so
Chen Liang: that's such.
Chen Liang: Let me let me delete all this
screen.
Chen Liang: Hello! My name is Gregory Crosale, and I'm a Phd. Student at the University of Michigan.
Chen Liang: Thank you so much for taking the time to join us today. But the goal of this is to evaluate 2 different interfaces. Okay, so first, we're gonna walk through a couple of demos and tutorials of these interfaces. And I'm gonna give you a few tasks that I'm going to ask you to perform.
Chen Liang: Okay? So
Chen Liang: first. I'm going to send you a link actually, first, I'll do this myself.
Chen Liang: Are you familiar with Tap? Qbt. Yes.
Chen Liang: So this is an interface. A lot designed to be a lot like Chachpe. Actually, let me send this link to you so it will be recorded. But I don't do this on your computer.
Chen Liang: Okay?
Chen Liang: Oh, you are. By the way, this is on room.
Chen Liang: This one's it's it's okay.
Chen Liang: So this is an interface, a lot like chat. Vpt, okay, except.
Chen Liang: it's using some slightly different features. So I'm just gonna show you very, basically a couple of things.
So, for example, you might ask.
Chen Liang: what is the University
Chen Liang: of Michigan?
Chen Liang: And then, if I press, enter.
we'll see. The response will slowly be generated. Umhm.
Chen Liang: just like some more advanced versions of Chat Gp. you can also include images.
Chen Liang: So I can say, describe this image and how it relates to the previous question.
Chen Liang: Let's wait until it's done talking. Actually, no, I don't. We don't need to. We can go ahead, and
Chen Liang: and then we'll see the answer also, like some more advanced versions of Chat Gpt. This can generate images, for you
Chen Liang: create a picture
Chen Liang: of this figure
Chen Liang: at the location was talking
Chen Liang: before it.
Chen Liang: and this will just take some time.
Chen Liang: and then we'll see it's gonna make some pictures for us.
Chen Liang: Okay, so any questions right off the bat about this interface. Nope.
Chen Liang: can you go ahead and just ask it to make any picture you want?
Chen Liang: Okay.
Chen Liang: those are crowded rooms.
Chen Liang: Okay? And then can you refresh for me.
Chen Liang: And now, can you upload a picture for me in this interface? And we use the deck?
Chen Liang: Yeah. And now just say something relating to that.
Chen Liang: And I think, yeah.
Chen Liang: yeah, that's fine
Chen Liang: oops, something better. Let me see.
Chen Liang: Oh, I'm sorry. But I cannot edit.
Chen Liang: Okay, that's fine.
Chen Liang: any questions about this so far also. One thing so. And this is a feature we're thinking about deleting. You can edit both responses. So if it doesn't respond in the way that you want, you can actually go back and say
Chen Liang: Yes a little bit.
Chen Liang: I'll generate an image in the same style.
Chen Liang: But with Jerry as the main character.
Chen Liang: And then, now here, I can say.
Chen Liang: okay, okay.
Chen Liang: this is taking so long. So you see, you can kind of manipulate it a little bit
Chen Liang: works. Yeah.
Chen Liang: okay, so any other questions about this interview so far. Okay.
Chen Liang: so now, I'm gonna show you deck flow.
Chen Liang: You open the link that I sent you in zoom and go ahead and close this interface for me as well.
Chen Liang: And then this needs to be in power phones. Okay?
Chen Liang: And
Chen Liang: is that risk.
Chen Liang: That's so funny. Yes, you you can't accept risk.
Chen Liang: I think I need to add certificate authority. Yes.
Chen Liang: Slide, we
Chen Liang: no, you're good.
Chen Liang: Yeah. You can just click, accept the risk. Oh, actually, maybe the web socket won't work because of this. That's the first time I've seen this
refresh
Chen Liang: refresh. Okay. take it.
Chen Liang: Okay, okay.
Chen Liang: so this is that flow. This is an alternative way to create anything you want, pretty much so to start out the way that you create new things is with this goal card.
Chen Liang: And very basically, all you have to do is type what you went in here. So if I wanted to.
Chen Liang:  I can even ask a question here, like, Who is Tom from on end? Jerry?
Chen Liang: Okay. I'll get some responses here. and just like the previous interface. you can ask it to make images as well.
Chen Liang: and we'll see these images will come out.
Chen Liang: But, unlike the previous interface
Chen Liang: this allows you to manipulate the feedback that you give it so rather than exactly what you would have written before you can kind of choose dynamically.
So, for example.
Chen Liang: let's say, I wanted to
Chen Liang: create a dynamic.
Chen Liang: I'll just say, create an image here. And then here, I'll put this style. I want this to be
Chen Liang: dramatic photographs
Chen Liang: here. I want the subject to be.
Chen Liang: and I can even go down here and pick the one I like the most. So I actually really like this one.
Chen Liang: and can drag this in here.
Chen Liang: and then for colors. Let's say I wanted to use like a lot of like neon colors.
Chen Liang: What I could do is say like.
Chen Liang: describe
Chen Liang: some neon colors.
Chen Liang: get some ideas here.
Chen Liang: and then I could look at the ones that I like, and actually drag them over here.
Chen Liang: and then I can press C to put this in a cluster, which means these kind of belong in the same idea.
Chen Liang: And I can just drag this here.
Chen Liang: And now let's see what happens.
Chen Liang: Increase.
Chen Liang: Wow!
Chen Liang: Any questions for me so far. No.
Chen Liang: okay.
Chen Liang: Now, I would like for you. And also there's a anything you're familiar with, like from illustrator or Google slides. There's a lot of those interactions. So you can from most things undo and redo, you can press alt and drag to copy
Chen Liang: back spaces to delete.
Chen Liang: Yeah. And then for this, if you want to remove a connection, all you have to do is drag it a little bit and then let go, and then to delete one of these. You just have to make it empty.
Chen Liang: and then all that you can also undo you. Okay. So now, I want you to go ahead and just create some text using the goal card. Any any thanks, any
Chen Liang: any questions about that? Now, I'm going to ask you to create an image using a goalcard.
Chen Liang: Thanks.
Chen Liang: We already does one. Yeah, that's pretty funny. It's decided to give you some motivational images. Oh, and another thing I forgot to tell you. If you're if you kind of forget where something came from, you can click here and we'll show you. If you highlight here, we'll show you what directly influenced it. And then here's some information from the back end, so you can see what prompts you. So a person standing on a mountain books reaching for the stars. And then here, you see, it's kind of a different problem. So if you're curious about what I used here
Chen Liang: can use those same things. And again, click, and we'll just send you over there.
Chen Liang: Yeah. But go ahead and like, ask it to make it. This I just decided to make it, which is for you
Chen Liang:  and then from here, select a few that you like.
Chen Liang: and maybe some that you don't like, I would say, a total of 4 images. The more images you have, the longer it will take and put them in a cluster. So make 2 groups of 2 images.
Chen Liang: one like one dislike. It could be anything you want. Hmm.
Chen Liang: okay. and now you can use those has context for one more generation of that.
Chen Liang: So let's say
Chen Liang: you want you just use that as like a vocabulary. Umhm.
Chen Liang: or actually, I can copy this. Yeah.
Chen Liang: where's alder option? Well.
Chen Liang: most stuff or not like this is probably
Chen Liang: okay. So this one will probably take a while because of how many images we have.
Chen Liang: So actually. And can you take 2 out of each cluster? Just so it doesn't take a long time. Okay.
Chen Liang: and then drag it like down here, so it doesn't
Chen Liang: cover perfect.
Chen Liang: And then, yeah, go ahead.
Chen Liang: Do you feel motivated? Yes, I don't even understand what they're saying. But yes, what do you mean you don't understand
the the regret.
Chen Liang: Okay, cool
Chen Liang: now any questions before we continue.
Chen Liang: And can you just look at the history of one of those cards for me.
Chen Liang: Let's go with this one.
Chen Liang: Show me that influence that it perfect.
Chen Liang: Excellent!
Chen Liang: No other questions, Umhm.
Chen Liang: So now
Chen Liang: I'm gonna give you an image.
Chen Liang: and I would like, Oh, one more thing. You can also drag external images here. So go and try to do that with the Tom picture.
Chen Liang: There you go.
Chen Liang: Okay. Another thing. Can you press, command a, and just get rid of everything we've done so far perfect. Okay. I would like for you to recreate this image as closely as possible without actually using the image.
Chen Liang: Can you describe to me what we've just done? I just describe the image as text in the go card.
Chen Liang: Basically, it's just like.
Chen Liang: right here, I'll text for your image and see what the
Chen Liang: system does. Okay.
Chen Liang: what do you think about this initial output. I think it's pretty good.
Chen Liang: But there are definitely
Chen Liang: space to improve. Because I I noted the style is a little bit different. So maybe.
Chen Liang: Yeah.
Chen Liang: go ahead and keep trying to make as possible. Yeah.
Chen Liang:  make sure you click on private. So yeah.
Chen Liang: you describe what you just click there.
Chen Liang: I'm trying to generate some style I want to face some input image so that they know what style I'm looking for. So I started by
Chen Liang: asking, kind of generism, painting of houses?
Chen Liang:  yeah.
Chen Liang: And this one is probably the closest.
Chen Liang: Yeah, actually, this. Well, yeah, there's one.
Chen Liang: Can you describe to me what you did over here. I'm just combining
Chen Liang: So I'm trying to capture the style of the picture you front of me. And I started by asking
Chen Liang: the interest to generate some painting.
Chen Liang: and then I select some. some of them, and make it more bright and as higher saturation as
Chen Liang: the similar to the image you you have. And then pick one of those
Chen Liang: as a reference to the style, and fit this into the go card
Chen Liang: the Co. Go card listed. I mean, there's
Chen Liang: expected images and images not expected image on another category of style and company, and it would generate this.
Chen Liang: So one thing I'm noticing is that even though you said not super similar to it, looks like it copied where it has 2 images. So maybe let's go like zoom into one of those.
Chen Liang: and let's click that. Yeah, let's click. I here.
Chen Liang: and can you
scroll? You have to click the scroll bar on this
Chen Liang: scroll down.
Chen Liang: So this one, it says. 2 houses. Okay? So it.
Chen Liang: It thinks that the image generator has access to the reference images is what's happening.
Chen Liang: So. But the way we're I want to do this in here to say. But the way works back at is that chattypt. Let me show you
Chen Liang: they have chat. Gpt, right?
Chen Liang: This is the system for change.
Chen Liang: Okay. so I say that.
Chen Liang:  you can create images by
Chen Liang: giving the user this image tag.
Chen Liang: it thinks that. And then what what happens is I parse the response, and if the response includes this image tag, then I send it to the image generator. I don't use the function protocol, because that makes it wait for the result, and I don't want it to wait. So it said, similar to the 2 reference images.
Chen Liang: because it knows it has access to the 2 reference images. But stable diffusion doesn't have access to those reference images. So I think that's kind of where where things went wrong here.
Chen Liang: So
Chen Liang: maybe if we do something like.
Chen Liang: and this is the style you wanted here.
Chen Liang: this out
Chen Liang: already. These are
Chen Liang: pretty good. But yeah, you got some good images right off the bat.
Chen Liang: Nope.
Chen Liang: okay.
Chen Liang: any thoughts before before it
Chen Liang: which one you like the best you like this one the best, right? Yeah.
Or was that this one
Chen Liang: really got the like angles down.
Chen Liang: you know.
Chen Liang: I wonder if this is a similar style
Chen Liang: like, if this is a famous style. Okay? So let's move on to another task.
Chen Liang: Can you go back to the Chat Gpus for you?
Chen Liang: I'm gonna make a couple adjustments here in the back end
Chen Liang: that and can you refresh from you real quick?
Chen Liang: Now, I would like you to do a similar task
Chen Liang: with this image.
Chen Liang: It's just gonna make one.
Chen Liang: Oh, and this is the end
Chen Liang: I asked it to.
Chen Liang: It's not great. At public instructions
Chen Liang: members takes. Oh, you're on edge, too.
Chen Liang: Okay.
Chen Liang: big Buck, you can't it?
Chen Liang: Did we try using an image before? Oh, I know. The problem is, if you don't upload the image.
Chen Liang: Then, okay, so for right now.
Chen Liang: do we hit and save the image.
Chen Liang: Umhm.
Chen Liang: Then
Chen Liang: the right ones
Chen Liang: was the right one.
Chen Liang: Hmm! There wasn't okay, anyway.
Chen Liang: I think you get the idea. Sorry that the this part of the demo broke questions about any of this.
Chen Liang: Okay, cool do you want to try another type of task.
Chen Liang: Why not? Okay?
Chen Liang: So now.
Chen Liang: and you make a picture
Chen Liang: of something that you might want to. And let's do this in deck because it seems to be working actually.
Chen Liang: can you make a picture of something that you might want to hang up in your dining room? Yeah, this is fine. Go ahead and press. Command A and minus for me.
Chen Liang: And also, would you mind closing the other window and edge
Chen Liang: alright? Oh, you already close it. Yeah.
Chen Liang: and negotiate. Change the vacuum.
Chen Liang: We do.
Chen Liang: You can do whatever you want.
Chen Liang: That doesn't
Chen Liang:  crazy? How often it says, no.
Chen Liang: neither ending the warts. You? Okay. yeah. Right?
Chen Liang: Oops.
Chen Liang: this is going to take a while because of the uploading images.
Chen Liang: Oh, wow! I think that one really worked. Yeah, there's these.
Chen Liang: And I mean, do you have any questions for me? No.
Chen Liang: there are some good ones.
Chen Liang: Look at this. Oh, wow! Didn't look at this.
Chen Liang: Yeah, yeah. okay.
Chen Liang: anything else you can. Happy with this. I'm worrying like.
Chen Liang: okay.
Chen Liang: give me your thoughts. What do you think? Well, first, what do you think about the tasks I gave you.
Chen Liang: I think it's those are pretty common tasks.
Chen Liang: I think that.
Chen Liang: And for the final user study it will be more well defined. So. And also I won't be like, you know, I think I'll have a slide show.
Chen Liang: what do you think would be some? Okay, let me also just pull up a Google Doc here.
that's that's
Chen Liang: 10,
Chen Liang: 3, 8,
Chen Liang: 24. Okay?
Chen Liang: I guess. So big questions. I have, what are some? So we call this hard task and soft task.
Chen Liang: What are some other soft tasks that you could think of? So this one? I said something you might want to hang up in your living room.
Chen Liang: Those are the soft tusks.
Chen Liang: so other ideas that we had so something to hear in the app living slash. Dying.
Chen Liang: Emily had the idea of. What do your pets do
Chen Liang: while you're
Chen Liang: away? But then it's it's tax on the drug. No, they create an image all of what your pets do while you're away. The only thing is, not everyone has pets, you know.
Chen Liang: but like, maybe, like what people's pets do while they're away.
Chen Liang: More. What would be.
Chen Liang: What happened is
Chen Liang: no like, what will I look like in 20 years?
Chen Liang: Okay, or generate a opinion of me in 20 years. So
Chen Liang: here, there could be different styles, different occupations.
Chen Liang: different characteristics.
Chen Liang: Maybe that's something that kind.
Chen Liang: And there are multiple interactions fully utilized. All the nodes. Yeah. or. yeah, something similar.
Chen Liang: Yeah.
Chen Liang: I mean.
Chen Liang: create something to put in the living room is I feel like, it's a mega soft task. Yeah, because it's essentially create an image you like
Chen Liang: right? Well, it's and one thing I was thinking was like dining room, because, like you, it is expressive, you know.
Chen Liang: I wouldn't want to just put any image that I like up in my dining room. I would want it to be something that really I would like to show other people. But you're right. It is a very soft task. I really do want opportunities to let people flex their creativity, though. Yeah.
Chen Liang:  I feel like painting is a pretty decent one.
Chen Liang: so like PIN Hand.
Chen Liang: you have some expectations, common expectations.
Chen Liang: and you also have some creativity there.
Chen Liang: So let's say, if you want them to generate more than art, then that's a different thing, because the variance is too large that it's hard to make all people happy because there's no common
Chen Liang: agreement on what the that thing should look like.
Chen Liang: So I think, Penny, that good idea.
Chen Liang: I was. I was previous previous previously thinking, adding some text to the image. But I don't think that perform super. Well. Okay.
Chen Liang: that's one thing that I think I could do actually is. Because what what if I just had like a specialized model? If someone asks to add text to an image.
Chen Liang: And I just put
Chen Liang: text, I didn't use any like AI. I just put text on the image where they wanted it. Nice hard work.
Chen Liang: I read it and crack it like this. I think there are some specialized models just for text that I could utilize.
Chen Liang: Yeah, maybe. But II guess it's beyond. I think yeah. text on image
Chen Liang: would be cool beyond. Let's go do you think it's a fair comparison with touch? Gpt. The fake gpt we created
Chen Liang: sort of, I guess. I mean, that's all Gp. Has.
Chen Liang: It may not be super fair, but it's just your comparing tool chat, chat. Gp. do I mean, do you think that our fake Chat Gbt is like real chat. I think so.
Chen Liang:  I think it's even more than 20. Pt, because I have it.
Chen Liang: Anything else about user study.
Chen Liang: Yeah, well, first about this talk about the interfaces, and then you can give me some advice for resigning the study protocol. I mean, the interface is great.
Chen Liang:  II cannot think about
Chen Liang: somewhere. A good idea right now, because eat. But the thing is
Chen Liang: I guess one way to think about is
Chen Liang: try to maybe try. Think about some nonlinear tasks.
Chen Liang: chant Gbts
Chen Liang: completely linear. If there's a linear task then. and may not make enough difference between your interviews and the tangibility. So one thing I was considering was
Chen Liang: adding a modifier to a task. So after 5 min, say, actually do this so that way, they have to kind of adjust
Chen Liang: on this
Chen Liang: for both. Yeah.
Chen Liang: so like for this task.
Chen Liang: I'd be like, now make a picture of what that looks like 50 years in the future. So you still can use
Chen Liang: some of the assets you have. But it's not just linear.
Chen Liang: Okay.
Chen Liang: But then I don't know. I feel like, and that's additional work. Additional work for me. Yeah. no. I just have to come up with prompts because you could do it right now. right? Yeah.
Chen Liang:  And also probably ask the participants for preparing some images
Chen Liang: or so that they can use this tag. I guess most of the thing we do are
Chen Liang: gold gold car. I haven't even used the text card before.
Chen Liang: Right?
Chen Liang: Yeah. Like, if you have that image adding X to image model, then
Chen Liang: you can year. The integrate text card into it image card is only from the generated results. There's no
Chen Liang: I don't deliver to use that
Chen Liang: well. And one thing that she did was she looked up like old farmhouse. And then she was like.
Chen Liang: I see. Actually, I think this will work
Chen Liang: beans crazy.
Chen Liang: this, but with a minute. Right?
Chen Liang: And one thing.
Chen Liang: actually, that I want to encourage in the demo is for people to do more modular.
Chen Liang: So this.
Chen Liang: yeah, yeah, yeah.
Chen Liang: yeah. Yeah.
Chen Liang: so okay, I'll encourage that. Then if if it's if we making it more modular, then you can actually
Chen Liang: think about more complicated tasks that involve more than one goal. So you you probably not creating a one image. But you are creating a set of image or or something that you can reuse all the
Chen Liang: stop over here.
Chen Liang:  that will also save a lot of time compared to Chpbie. And that's also one of your
Chen Liang: yeah anything else.
Chen Liang: And so
Chen Liang: I mean literally, it's a cool interface.
Chen Liang: I got it alright. Thank you so much for your participation. I mean extensively.
Chen Liang: I mean, II think it's really II think it's really fun. That's one of the big things that I wanted it to be is like, because
Chen Liang: the thing is
Chen Liang: typing on a Jupiter notebook is not a fun, you know, it's fun to get the output. But this way, you can really just like, yeah, yeah, drag stuff around. I previously worried about. Some people will recreate or have similar ideas like this. But consider all like design. Today, I tried all the functionality.
Chen Liang: There's a technical barrier over there, I think that'll
Chen Liang: gosh took so long. Bro, but thanks so much. Cool. Well, thank you again for your participation. I'm gonna go ahead and stop the recording.